src/pages/coverage.md, before:

---
title: Coverage
layout: coverage.njk
date: Last Modified
eleventyNavigation:
  key: Coverage
  order: 3
---

## Mesh Coverage Map

This interactive map show the theoretical coverage of current Salish Mesh repeaters. To see all publicly listed repeaters, room servers and clients please visit [the MeshCore Internet Map](https://meshcore.co.uk/map.html). We also have an active link to the [Puget Mesh](https://pugetmesh.org/meshcore/) MeshCore network.

## "Official" repeaters

What repeaters are officially maintained and operated by the Salish Mesh team?

- Monkey Sparkles (Salish/MonkeySparkles) - located on Mt Work

An official repeater is just one that we promise to maintain and operate, the goal of which is to allow connectivity from any point in the coverage area to another.

## Assumptions

The coverage simulations make a few assumptions to help create a more realistic view of the mesh. In order to expect the shown signal quality, the devices joining the mesh are assumed to be at least 2 m above ground level at that point, and to have a quality antenna of at least 1.2 dBi gain.

## Help Improve Coverage

There are a few ways to help improve coverage: either setting up a repeater or just reporting areas of spotty coverage or other areas you would like to see coverage expand to. If you want to add a repeater you can either set up your own on your roof, or in a tree for example. Or you can [reach out](/about#reach-out) to work together and setup a well placed repeater that we can add to the official list.

Commit message:

make repeaters dynamic
allow new repeaters to be added with some json and an optional image

src/pages/coverage.md, after:

---
title: Coverage
layout: coverage.njk
date: Last Modified
eleventyNavigation:
  key: Coverage
  order: 3
---

## Mesh Coverage Map

This interactive map show the theoretical coverage of current Salish Mesh repeaters. To see all publicly listed repeaters, room servers and clients please visit [the MeshCore Internet Map](https://meshcore.co.uk/map.html). We also have an active link to the [Puget Mesh](https://pugetmesh.org/meshcore/) MeshCore network.

## Assumptions

The coverage simulations make a few assumptions to help create a more realistic view of the mesh. In order to expect the shown signal quality, the devices joining the mesh are assumed to be at least 2 m above ground level at that point, and to have a quality antenna of at least 1.2 dBi gain.

## Repeaters

Information on repeaters that play an important role in the mesh, whose operators have chosen
to share details about.

  {% include "repeaters.njk" %}

## Help Improve Coverage

There are a few ways to help improve coverage: either setting up a repeater or just reporting areas of spotty coverage or other areas you would like to see coverage expand to. If you want to add a repeater you can either set up your own on your roof, or in a tree for example. Or you can [reach out](/about#reach-out) to work together and setup a well placed repeater that we can add to the official list.
